## QUESTION:

Leet Code - 1266. Minimum Time Visiting All Points

On a 2D plane, there are n points with integer coordinates points[i] = [xi, yi]. Return the minimum time in seconds to visit all the points in the order given by points.

You can move according to these rules:

In 1 second, you can either:
move vertically by one unit,
move horizontally by one unit, or
move diagonally sqrt(2) units (in other words, move one unit vertically then one unit horizontally in 1 second).
You have to visit the points in the same order as they appear in the array.
You are allowed to pass through points that appear later in the order, but these do not count as visits.

#### Example:

Input: points = [[1,1],[3,4],[-1,0]]
Output: 7
Explanation: One optimal path is [1,1] -> [2,2] -> [3,3] -> [3,4] -> [2,3] -> [1,2] -> [0,1] -> [-1,0]   
Time from [1,1] to [3,4] = 3 seconds 
Time from [3,4] to [-1,0] = 4 seconds
Total time = 7 seconds

#### Constraints:

points.length == n
1 <= n <= 100
points[i].length == 2
-1000 <= points[i][0], points[i][1] <= 1000

## IDEA:

The idea is to move to the given coordinates in order, but the shortest path will always be the diagonal path.
The question is, how do we calculate the time taken to move there.
So if we want to move from 1, 1 to 3, 4

we can do: 
1, 1
1, 2
1, 3
1, 4
2, 4
3, 4

Or
1, 1
2, 1
3, 1
3, 2
3, 3
3, 4

Or
1, 1
2, 2
3, 3
3, 4

Clearly the diagonal approach is faster.

Now, what's the best way to calculate this? 
Let;s say you want to move from 
1, 2 to 5, 3
The movement will be
1, 2
2, 3
3, 3
4, 3
5, 3

Notice the number of steps is just the maximum difference between x coordinates and y coordinates
As in, 2->3 is one step, but 1->5 is 4 steps.
So the 4 steps dominates.
In other words, the number of steps to get from x1, y1 to x2, y2 is just max(x1-x2, y1-y2)